week-001/README.md, before:

# Getting started with Python
## Day 1
1. Variables
   - A variable has a value that can be many types of values such as a number
2. Built-in functions
   - such as print, float, and int
3. Strings
   - Strings are similar to variables only they store text


I used all of these topic's to create a simple program and named it [convert.py](./convert.py)

I also explored the syntax of Markdown.

## Day 2
1. Escaping characters
   - You use escaping (example:) when you are trying to use a single quote within a single quote string
   - Escaping looks like this: string\'s
2. Continued exploring Markdown syntax

3. Also made a simple area calculator, you can look at it here: [find-area.py](./find-area.py)

## Day 3
1. Functions
   - See [Math is fun][2]
   - A function takes an input and gives an output.
   - when you create a function you are defining it, an example is this: def function()

2. Arguments vs Parameters
   - Example: we have a function that adds A and B. A and B are the parameters, now lets say the user inputed in the function, 5 and 4. 5 and 4 are the arguments. The function then returns 9.
   - The difference between arguments and parameters is the argument is the value provided in a function and parameters are variables whose value is passed into the function
3. Types
   - A dict (short of dictionary) is a list of data values
   - A Tuple is a type of list used to store multiple values in a variable
4. A little bit of design
   - Good design has: form and function
   - Form is a shape, structure, or body.

## References
- [Basic syntax of Markdown](https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/)
- Notes sometimes used verbatim from [BFN][1]

<!-- Links to references -->
[1]: <https://www.amazon.com/Everything-Computer-Science-Coding-Notebook-ebook/dp/B0844HYZKN> (Everything You Need to Ace Computer Science and Coding in One Big Fat Notebook)
[2]: <https://www.mathsisfun.com/sets/domain-range-codomain.html> (Domain, Codomain and Range)

Commit message:

how to solve a problem and more

week-001/README.md, after:

# Getting started with Python
## Day 1
1. Variables
   - A variable has a value that can be many types of values such as a number
2. Built-in functions
   - such as print, float, and int
3. Strings
   - Strings are similar to variables only they store text


I used all of these topic's to create a simple program and named it [convert.py](./convert.py)

I also explored the syntax of Markdown.

## Day 2
1. Escaping characters
   - You use escaping (example:) when you are trying to use a single quote within a single quote string
   - Escaping looks like this: string\'s
2. Continued exploring Markdown syntax

3. Also made a simple area calculator, you can look at it here: [find-area.py](./find-area.py)

## Day 3
1. Functions
   - See [Math is fun][2]
   - A function takes an input and gives an output.
   - when you create a function you are defining it, an example is this: def function()

2. Arguments vs Parameters
   - Example: we have a function that adds A and B. A and B are the parameters, now lets say the user inputed in the function, 5 and 4. 5 and 4 are the arguments. The function then returns 9.
   - The difference between arguments and parameters is the argument is the value provided in a function and parameters are variables whose value is passed into the function
3. Types
   - A dict (short of dictionary) is a list of data values
   - A Tuple is a type of list used to store multiple values in a variable
4. A little bit of design
   - Good design has: form and function
   - Form is a shape, structure, or body.

## Day 4

1. Research on how to solve problem
   - studied about what a problem has, what it can be about and relating it to python, domain and range, patterns, and parsing.
2. what is a problem mostly about/involved in?
   - A problem is mostly about/involved with space (Not the space up there in the sky, I'm talking about this space ex: toys take up room/*space*), time (tik, tok, tik, and tok), and money (*oooohhh shiny!*).
3. Language
   - Language has structure (structure: a unique arrangement/form of something), but what makes up this structure? **Grammer** and **punctuation**.
4. what should we look for in a problem
   - A problem has structure, why? Because this problem in this senario is in english, a *language* and a language has structure **BOOM**, I bet your jaws are wide open. Point is, even though structure is in a problem it's not that obvious, so we should look for *patterns*
5. What is dis pattern
   - the simplest way I'm going to explain a pattern is by this: (0909090909). This may look like a random string of 0's and 9's but look! everytime there's a 0, there's a 9, that's a pattern.
6. The 3 part finale...part 1: domain and range
   - Let's say I was trying different ways of typing a website's name to try to get to the website converting.calculatorlol. I tried these searches: c.clol, convert.calclol, and cm to in. These searches worked and I was brought to the website I was aiming for. Yet when I tried: lolconvert, I was not brought to the website this is how I can relate this to domain and range. so I inputed: "lolconvert", and I was not brought to the website I wanted, why? because what I searched was not in the **domain** of searches that would get you to the website: "converting.calculatorlol". Think of a domain as filled brain of information, ex: Let's say you are pasta legend, if someone asked you something about pasta you would probably know, because it's in your **domain**, so you say: yeah I know what your talking about and you give an answer, also known as the **range**. Now let's say they asked you about steak, you probably wouldn't know what there asked, because what there asking is not in your domain!
7. Part 2: token's and blank space symbol
   - No these aren't the token's you use at ChuckyCheese or something, so what are token's? think of them like this: So I tried different ways to get to the website: "converting.calculatorlol". I tried 4 different searches, but what was common between all 4 searches that it got me to the website? That's where tokens come in. Let's start with the first search: c.clol, Let's say that "c" = <'a'>, we just made our first token! You see we can use token's to repersent bits or parts in a language. Now let's countinue, so I'm going to create a few more tokens:
   "." = <'b'>
   "l" = <'c'>
   "o" = <'d'>
   Ok I'm done, so now let's talk real quick on the blank space symbol, when you are writng on paper you spaces are probably not even, that's when the blank space symbol comes's in. See when I'm writing on my computer I don't need to worry about my spaces because they are equal. This is not the same case when writing on paper. Alright moving on, so with the token's I made, now the search: "c.clol" look's like this: <'a'> <'b'> <'a'> <'c'> <'d'> <'c'>. I know it may look confusing but guess what? We, JUST DID PARSING!!!!
8. Part 3: Parsing and Credits
   - Guess what people? this is it! congrat's if you have made it this far! Now has much as my fingers hurt let's wrap it up! So what is *parsing*? Well it's what we just did! Parsing is analyzation of a string of numbers, its just what we did. Credits: This entire thing took two days, I want to thank my Dad for sitting down with me and explaining it all. I may ofed of a few times but I'm very gratful for my Dad still going with the flow and working with me. This enitre thing was an assignment/challenge. You see my Dad gave me the challenge to explain everything he explained to me in a kid format, I hope if any kids are reading this, you have understood everything. That's all people! I'm of to get therapy for my fingers bye!


## References
- [Basic syntax of Markdown](https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/)
- Notes sometimes used verbatim from [BFN][1]

<!-- Links to references -->
[1]: <https://www.amazon.com/Everything-Computer-Science-Coding-Notebook-ebook/dp/B0844HYZKN> (Everything You Need to Ace Computer Science and Coding in One Big Fat Notebook)
[2]: <https://www.mathsisfun.com/sets/domain-range-codomain.html> (Domain, Codomain and Range)
